If your site is going to have multiple users be subscribers or authors.
There is a couple of things to note.
First of all, don't give out admin access to anyone.
Each person should have their own account with a role limited to what this person is going to do.
For example, if someone's responsibility is to manage content, the role of editor would be enough.
However, editors cannot edit menus.
Only admins can.
But it's better to only add a single capability to the editor role than assigning admin role to editors.
You can add the capability to the role by using other methods of the WordPress role.
Objects.
This code is adapted from WordPress documentation.
It's a little more complicated than the simple function execution because it will only add the role
on theme activation and not on every request because that would be unnecessary and would slow down each
page load.
So the function and the edit theme options capability to edit or roll on theme activation and to remove
it from that roll on theme deactivation.
After you put that code in function speech by file, you will need to deactivate and reactivate your
theme for this change to take place.
The editing team options capability will grant access to a number of pages under appearance section
widgets, menus and customize if it's supported by the current theme.
It means editors will gain access not only to menus but also to widgets and some theme options.
But they still will not be able to install or switch themes which is possible with admin access.
You may also want to remove certain information from the admin panel from admins to create the wordpress
update.
Nag from non admins.
Use this code.
It utilizes the current user can function which we learned earlier and the manage options capability
specific for admins.
This snippet will also hide the thank you message from the future.
And you can remove it for adding this tool for convenience by removing the if statement.
The last snippet will hide the WordPress version from none admins, which is displayed in the footer
on the right.